Fan Fanyao, why are you here?
Fan Yao Dongfang and the Imperial Palace betrayed the Promise Hall
Attempt to murder the shopkeeper
Please take down the two of them quickly.
Hmph, shouldn't you die if you look down on him?
Brother Wuji
you
You also betrayed the owner
The Promise Palace can grow so far
I am responsible
Even if the old shop owner covered up my Sword Immortal shop owner first
Is he an orphan collected by the old shopkeeper?
How can I let this happen David I do it
I also want to get back what belongs to me
Why waste his time?
Kill me!
If you want to cut them, they won't let you go.
Since you dare to do it
Of course I was fully prepared
Those who are chasing you now
It should already be a skill
The cavalry sends you to reunite with them
Ah!
You are not hurt
just now
It's all your doing
You and other Xiaoji dare to take it out and embarrass themselves